1) Write about your current situation, feelings, funny moments and daily life (200 words min)
As of today we are in a very stressful environment for us, students, not because of the lockdown but because of the amount of work that are asked of us.
I have a big problem with being able to do everything that was asking from me. It's mostly due to a lack of time that we suffer at this time, very funny indeed 
when we know that we only have that to do.These last few days I just want to go back to school and I'm doing what I can to not be left behind in each school subject. 
The understanding of the practical work is very complicated and take me the double of time that I normally took. 
Except that aspect of my life I enjoy this lockdown because I am whith my entire family and we took, every evening, an aperitif and that the best point in my day 
with the meal that follows where we talk about all and nothing.


2) What’s the first thing(s) you’ll do when the lockdown is lifted? (50 words)
The first thing I am going to do when the lockdown is lifted is going for a drink in a pub because drinking with my family every day is funny, but I want to do it 
with my friends and take a walk around the port at night because it's one of the most satisfying feeling when you combine all those elements.

3) Tell me how you see the next few months, your hopes and fears. (100 words)
I don't have anything in particular that I hope because I knew from the beginning that we would probably not have to attend school this scholar year,
but I still hope that we will be able to enjoy the summer because I made a few plans like going to the Motocultor in Saint-Nolff with a friend. I don't fear
the future because we don't have any control over it so I take the life as it goes, everything that as to happen will. If you think like that there are only a 
few things that you will fear and can't surpass.

4) Revisions sur l’expression du futur en anglais + quelques exercices à faire (en pj)
A.	Mettez les énoncés à la forme interrogative (?) ou négative (-)
1.	You’re going to find him. (?)
Are you going to find him?
2.	She’s going to stay. (-)
She isn't going to stay.
3.	He’ll see her tonight. (?)
Will he see her tonight?
4.	I’ll get another one. (-)
I will not get another one.

B.	Traduisez les phrases suivantes
1.	Tu seras prêt ce soir?
Will you be ready tonight?
2.	Je suis sûre que tu vas le reconnaitre.
I’m sure you’ll recognize him.
3.	Elle revient dimanche.
She is coming back Sunday
4.	Je prends le train à 7h. – Moi aussi, je t’emmène! (give a lift)
I take the train at 7:00. Me too, I give you a lift!
5.	Il est sur le point de partir.
He is about to leave.
6.	Le president doit se rendre (visit) en Allemagne.
The president must visit Germany.
7.	Cette année, je ne fais rien de special à Pâques.
This year, I’m not doing anything special at Easter.
8.	On va voir mes parents demain.
We are going to see my parents tomorrow.
9.	Je me sentirai mieux quand ce sera fini.
I’ll feel better when it’s over.
10.	Ne t’inquiète pas. Je vais lui parler.
Don't worry. I'm going to talk to him.
11.	Il va pleuvoir.
It's going to rain.

C.	Formez un futur en WILL avec le verbe entre parentheses ou mettez-le au présent simple lorsque WILL est impossible. Traduisez.
1.	I’m afraid we will have to leave as soon as she arrived.
J'ai peur que nous devions partir aussitôt quelle arrive.
2.	I (send) you a message when I (see) him.
je t'envoie un message quand je le voit.
3.	When I (be) older, I (move) to a smaller city.
Quand je serais plus agée, j'emmenagerai dans une ville plus petite.
4.	I (not do) anything until I (be sure) you agree with me.
Je ne ferais rien tant que je ne serais pas sur que tu sois d'accord avec moi.
