Question A
1) Allowed
You can leave your home only for the purpose of shopping the basic neccessities.
You can pratice one forme of exercice a day alone or with members of the same household.
You can leave your house for any medical need.
You can travel from or to work only if it's absolutely necessary.
You can use Food delivery service.
2) Not allowed
You should'nt meet with your friend, even if they offer you a drink if you come :) 
you shouln't meeting family members. 
You should not shopping except for essentials like food and medecine.
3) Don't follow
If you don't follow the rules you can receive a fine.
The police will disperse gathering of more than 2 people except if they are froom the same household.

Question B
a step = une étape
to fight the disease = pour combattre la maladie
to cope = faire face
to put it simply = pour le dire simplement
unwell = malade
to be likely to = d'etre susceptible de
to comply = se conformer
to spread = répandre 
a purpose = un but
to enforce = faire respecter
a playground = terrain de jeu
a gathering = un rassemblement

Question C 
In England you can go practice sport alone while in France you can be only during 1 kilometer if you run and 
you can't no more do biking or other sport that implies being more than 1 kilometer away than you're hhome.

Question E
Exercice 1
1) We must be at school before eight
2) Our plane leaves at 12. We have to be at the airport wo hours bbefore the time of departure.
3) You have to see this film : it's excellent.
4) "I can't come now." "You have to come he's very ill."
5) When you work, you must pay taxes.
6) You'd have to be fluent in English if you really want the job.

Exercice 2
1) You must work harder.
2) I have to show my passport.
3) You must drive on the left if you go to Australia.
4) Must I leave my camera at the desk?
5) Does he have to write a report?
6) You have to give your credit card number?
7) You must leave now?
8) She have to be home by eleven?

Exercice 3
1) You need to show that you have confidence in yourself.
2) At that time, students were forced to learn by heart
3) You’re gonna get sick: you don’t have to eat so much
4) If you want to lose weight, you don’t have to eat so much
5) He insisted so much that I had to go see him twice this week
6) How long did you had to wait?
7) Why does she always have to complain?
8) We have to leave early to avoid traffic jams
9) I have to say she’s very smart
10) Do I really have to meet him?

Exercice 4
1) We don't have to wait
2) You mustn't disturb him
3) You don"t have to shout
4) You don"t have to wear anything special
5) You don't have to ofer him another toy.
6) We don't have to get up early.
7) You don't have to repeat.
8) You mustn't tell him.
9) You don't have tell him. 
10) He must not drive.

Exercice 5
It's a reproach about an acted commit by obelix so it's not a probability 
neither an advice because it's too late for that. 
And a reproach is a form of advice for a same situation in the future.

Exercice 6 
1) All the students should get a good mark.
2) All the students should have got a good mark.
3) I should have leave earlier then seven.
4) I should leave earlier than seven.
5) Everything should be alright.
6) Everything should have been alright.
7) It should have work.
8) It should work.

Exercice 7
1) You should buy this application.
2) At this hour, she should be on a plane to New York.
3) He insisted we should give him this paper back Wednesday.
4) It’s surprising he’s still here.
5) Should I have listened to him?
6) You should ask. There’s no reason why you shouldn’t.
7) I don’t think you should stay in front of that screen that long.
8) It is necessary that she learn to use this software